README.md, before:

## Hello 👋
### I'm Leonel Ngoya but you can call me LN

- 🌴 I am a <b>Frontend Developer</b> and <b><a href="https://www.awwwards.com/jury-member/ln-dev" target="_blank">Awwwards Young Jury</a></b>
- 📫 Find out more about me here : <b><a href="https://leonelngoya.com" target="_blank">leonelngoya.com</a></b>

#### 🚀 My projects

- <a href="https://circle.lndev.me/" target="_blank">Circle</a> : Project management interface inspired by Linear's design.
- <a href="https://sharuco.lndev.me/" target="_blank">Sharuco</a> : Share and explore essential codes, create forms to retrieve information and keep useful links.
- <a href="https://ui.lndev.me/" target="_blank">lndev/ui</a> : Fine components coded by lndev.
- <a href="https://wp.lndev.me/" target="_blank">World Portfolios</a> : Open source collection of World Portfolios.

#### 🌐 Follow me on

- <a href="https://gitlab.com/ln-dev7" target="_blank">GitLab</a>
- <a href="https://twitter.com/ln_dev7" target="_blank">X ( Twitter )</a>
- <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/lndev" target="_blank">LinkedIn</a>
- <a href="https://youtube.com/@LNDev/" target="_blank">YouTube</a>
- <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/lndev.bsky.social" target="_blank">BlueSky</a>
- <a href="https://instagram.com/ln_dev7" target="_blank">Instagram</a>
- <a href="https://bento.me/lndev" target="_blank">My Bento</a>

<img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ln-dev7&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="ln-dev7" />

Commit message:

Add Square UI
Corrected the spelling of 'Sqaure UI' to 'Square UI' in the project list.

README.md, after:

## Hello 👋
### I'm Leonel Ngoya but you can call me LN

- 🌴 I am a <b>Frontend Developer</b> and <b><a href="https://www.awwwards.com/jury-member/ln-dev" target="_blank">Awwwards Young Jury</a></b>
- 📫 Find out more about me here : <b><a href="https://leonelngoya.com" target="_blank">leonelngoya.com</a></b>

#### 🚀 My projects

- <a href="https://square.lndev.me/" target="_blank">Sqaure UI</a> : Collection of beautifully crafted open-source layouts UI built with shadcn/ui.
- <a href="https://circle.lndev.me/" target="_blank">Circle</a> : Project management interface inspired by Linear's design.
- <a href="https://sharuco.lndev.me/" target="_blank">Sharuco</a> : Share and explore essential codes, create forms to retrieve information and keep useful links.
- <a href="https://ui.lndev.me/" target="_blank">lndev/ui</a> : Fine components coded by lndev.
- <a href="https://wp.lndev.me/" target="_blank">World Portfolios</a> : Open source collection of World Portfolios.

#### 🌐 Follow me on

- <a href="https://gitlab.com/ln-dev7" target="_blank">GitLab</a>
- <a href="https://twitter.com/ln_dev7" target="_blank">X ( Twitter )</a>
- <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/lndev" target="_blank">LinkedIn</a>
- <a href="https://youtube.com/@LNDev/" target="_blank">YouTube</a>
- <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/lndev.bsky.social" target="_blank">BlueSky</a>
- <a href="https://instagram.com/ln_dev7" target="_blank">Instagram</a>
- <a href="https://bento.me/lndev" target="_blank">My Bento</a>

<img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ln-dev7&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="ln-dev7" />
